# World_Weather_Analysis
## Module 6 Classwork Python APIs

## Overview
Using various APIs, this module had us navigating through OpenWeatherMap and GoogleMaps to assist, analyse and visualize data for a travel called PlanMyTrip.
We also used Python libraries NumPy, SciPy, Matplotlib and Pandas to augment new tasks to further our knowledge in this module.  We added to scatterplots with linear regression lines and plotted markers on Google Maps we retrieved from that API to create a travel itinerary with descriptions of current weather conditions for hotels in favorable worldwide locations based on preferred temperature ranges.

## Results of Data Analysis
As current weather patterns are constantly fluctuating, there is no definitive "results" to give, as it were for the weather itself.  The use of APIs to gather information on the other hand was challenging but can be very useful.  The coding is very detailed, long and has the potential to become very difficult to handle.  The outdated nature of the module information did hinder some of that, as at first the code had errors which were ultimately solvable, but then although providing no errors at all also did not provide any outputs of the desired maps.  On a personal note, I exceeded my average of calling on the Learning Assistants for this module by calling on several AskBCS sessions and on one such session speaking to two different assistants as the first person was unable to solve the issues, which to me just proves how difficult to solve that issue was.  It was suggested that I skip obtaining the maps, but this seemed negligent as cognitively obtaining the maps were necessary and more to the point, was the point of the exercise as a primary goal.
Once that major issue was resolved, the assignment moved along with a more unhindered pace.  The heat maps from Google Maps were interesting to utilize for analyzing weather patterns or for uses of personal travel.

## Conclusion
Although there was much knowledge to gain from this module, it also showed some of its' more "modular challenged" aspects.  The video as well as listed instructions for navigating the actual Google Maps Platform to get the API key did not match at all.  I was basically doing this portion on my own and unsure of what I was to select or not to select...then going through the rest of the module with the uncertainty that if I did something wrong, it would ruin the rest of the coding work.  That fear was partially realized when none of the maps appeared as it should have as outputs.  In the end, it was some Python extensions that needed to be added through the PythonData terminal that was the issue.  I should note, I was not the only student who had this issue.  May I suggest for future boot camp groups, this is mentioned at the start of the module 6 online classes or a notification sent out on Slack.  At this point, the whole class knows some of the module information is outdated but you can mitigate the errors seen by these types of simple notifications provided the modules do not get updated.
The use of Jupyter Notebooks for Python has become more easy to manage and I can see the benefits of going cell by cell.  As you progress you can stop off at a particular cell to correct errors "step-by-step" instead of coding blocks on a whole only to try and evaluate where the errors occured if you have any.  In conclusion, although this particular module had a lot to offer as far as teaching students the uses of APIs, it was hindered by what seemed like a constant chapter by chapter of data that did not work.  This was due is some part by the module being outdated and in other parts by not being informed that enhancements like the Python extension were needed.  This actually diminished the learning experience for me personally on this module.
